Update README.md (#78)
leviy/release-tool: README.md

### Phar (recommended)
The recommended method of installing this package is using a phar file. This is because installing using Composer can possibly cause dependency conflicts. You can download the most recent phar from the [Github Releases](https://github.com/leviy/release-tool/releases/latest) page.

> ### Execute with Phar
> After downloading the `release-tool.phar` file, Put the `release-tool.phar` file in your home/bin (`~`/bin) folder. After that remove the `.phar` at the end of the file. Next you want to give the right permissions to the `release-tool`. Execute the following command in your console so that the `release-tool` has the correct permissions:
> 
> ```bash
> chmod 775 release-tool
> ```

Reviewer: Lets use less specific configurations here and only give general directions with examples.

```suggestion
## Global installation (linux)
Move the downloaded `release-tool.phar` file into your PATH (e.g. `~/bin/release-tool`). Make sure to set the file to executable permissions (e.g. `chmod 775 release-tool`).
```

Author: The comment resolved by itself :sweat_smile: It was not me :+1:

### Phar (recommended)
The recommended method of installing this package is using a phar file. This is because installing using Composer can possibly cause dependency conflicts. You can download the most recent phar from the [Github Releases](https://github.com/leviy/release-tool/releases/latest) page.

## Global installation (linux)

> Move the downloaded `release-tool.phar` file into your PATH (e.g. `~/bin/release-tool`). Make sure to set the file to executable permissions (e.g. `chmod 775 release-tool`).

Reviewer 2: I would suggest to change the `775` to either `+x` or `755`.
I don't think the release tool needs any more privileges.

Reviewer: You're right. Probably `+x` is better.
